annot: mix some milk, olive oil in a cup
ACTID: 0
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] some milk (-1), olive oil (-1)
[PP, location, in] a cup (-1)
annot: blend them using a blender
ACTID: 1
PRED: blend
[DOBJ, food] them (0)
[PP, location, using] a blender (-1)
annot: Add a little salt, ground pepper, lemon juice, chopped parsley
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] a little salt (-1), ground pepper (-1), lemon juice (-1), chopped parsley (-1)
[PP, food, ] (1)
annot: Add sour cream
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] sour cream (-1)
[PP, food, ] (2)
annot: mix it using a spoon
ACTID: 4
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] it (3)
[PP, other, using] a spoon (-1)
annot: Add some crushed walnuts to the mixture and whisk
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some crushed walnuts (-1)
[PP, food, to] the mixture (4)
annot: Dice an apple into small cubes
ACTID: 6
PRED: dice
[DOBJ, food] an apple (-1)
annot: add some green grapes to it
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some green grapes (-1)
[PP, food, to] it (6)
annot: Add black grapes, chopped celery
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] black grapes (-1), chopped celery (-1)
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: mix the fruits well
ACTID: 9
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] the fruits (8)
annot: pour the sauce in it
ACTID: 10
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] the sauce (5)
[PP, food, in] it (9)
annot: Toss the fruits
ACTID: 11
PRED: toss
[DOBJ, food] the fruits (10)
annot: put the salad on fresh lettuce
ACTID: 12
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the salad (11)
[PP, food, on] fresh lettuce (-1)
annot: serve with fresh apple and walnuts
ACTID: 13
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] (12)
[PP, food, with] fresh apple (-1), walnuts (-1)